c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\testBassGood.exe.config
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\testBassGood.exe
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\testBassGood.pdb
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\Bass.Net.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\Bass.Net.xml
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\obj\Debug\testBassGood.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\obj\Debug\testBassGood.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\obj\Debug\testBassGood.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\obj\Debug\testBassGood.exe
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\obj\Debug\testBassGood.pdb
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\bass.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\bassmix.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\basswasapi.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\bass_fx.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\bass_vst.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\bass_wadsp.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bassalac.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\basscd.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bassdsd.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bassenc.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bassenc_ogg.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bassenc_opus.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bassflac.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\basshls.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bassmidi.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bassopus.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\basswma.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\basswv.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\basszxtune.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bass_aac.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bass_ac3.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bass_adx.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bass_ape.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bass_mpc.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bass_ofr.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bass_spx.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bass_tta.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\bass_winamp.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\OptimFROG.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x86\Addon\tags.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\bass.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\bassmix.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\basswasapi.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\bass_fx.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\bass_vst.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bassalac.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\basscd.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bassdsd.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bassenc.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bassenc_ogg.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bassenc_opus.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bassflac.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\basshls.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bassmidi.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bassopus.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\basswma.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\basswv.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\basszxtune.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bass_aac.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bass_ac3.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bass_ape.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bass_mpc.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bass_ofr.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bass_spx.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\bass_tta.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\OptimFROG.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\x64\Addon\tags.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
c:\users\markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\Markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\obj\Debug\testBassGood.SpeechCorrection.resources
C:\Users\Markos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testBassGood\testBassGood\obj\Debug\testBassGood.Recording.resources
